#hw3 todo app

## description for my design:
> - There is a add button at the home page. When you click the add button, new task activity is launched. Task title, task details, deadline are included in the activity. Tag which is a dropdown box is contained in the activity as well. Currently there are only three categories in the dropdown box: entertainment, study, work. Users can choose to either save the task or cancel.

> - A new task is displayed in the home page when users click save button. There is a checkbox within each task which is used to indicate whether the task is marked as done.

> - A menu is located at the top right corner of the home page. Users can delete all tasks on cliking the delete button. More menu items would be added.

> - By clicking each task, the edit task activity is launched with pre-populated data. Changes are reflected in the main page if any editions are made.

## what I've learnt?
> - Create a class to represent task and a arraylist to store tasks in mytask list.

> - Set a onclicklistener to add button so as to launch New Task Activity. Set a onItemClickListener to listView so as to launch Edit Task Activity. Using intents and startActivityForResult(intent, request_code) method to implement.

> - Task states are sent between activities via intents. 

> - To efficiently display myTask lists, I design a TasksAdapter which extends ArrayAdapter. Override getView() method to set text to textViews in it. Create an interface as a listener to checkbox.

> - Override onActivityResult() method in MainActivity. If the result code is saving task, create a task instance and add it to the tasksList. If the result code is editing task, retrive the task from tasksList and edit its states.

> - My solution to implement dropdown menu is using a spinner. Set a onItemSelectedListener to it.

> - Configuration of Edit Task Activity is similar to New Task Activity's. However, task states should be passed to Edit Task Activity from MainActivity via intent.
